README.md, before:

# teXXmoButon_IoTCentral

This document contains all the instructions for connecting your teXXmo IoT Button to Azure IoT Central

## Pre-requisites
- 1 x teXXmo Button
- A Microsoft Account or Azure Subscription
- A computer
- A wifi connection with only an SSID and Password to connect

# Acknowledgements
+ [IoT Central Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-central/)


## Setting Up IoT Central
1. Head on over to the the [IoT Central Homepage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/services/iot-central/) to learn more or select [Getting Started](https://apps.azureiotcentral.com/) to begin creating your application.
2. You'll be prompted to login in using your Microsoft account. Enter your credentials or create a new account using the links provided. 
3. Follow the prompts until you arrive at the Application Manager page. Select the "New Application" tile to get started.
4. Now you'll configure the propeorties of your new IoT Central application
  a. Select the *trial* payment plan (or the pay-as-you-go option if you want to keep the applciation lonfer than 7 days)
  b. Select *Custom Application* as the template
  c. Enter a suitable and unique *Application Name*
  d. Press *Create* when done
5. That's it! You should now the see the main dashboard of your new IoT Central Application.

## Creating a Device Template
1. Select *Create Device Templates* from the tile on the main dashboard or select *Application Builder > Create Device Template > Custom*
2. Enter a unique name for you Device Template and select *Create* when complete
3. This will generate a Simulated Device which you can use to create graphs, build dashboards, and get your application together before needing to connect a physcial device. Since we're using a physical device, we'll delete the simulated device. Select *Delete* to remove

## Creating a new physical Device
1. Go to the *Device Explorer* by selecting the icon on in the right-side menu
2. Select the Button template you created, the click *+ > Real* to create a new real device
3. Enter a unique identifier and name for your button. The ID could be the MAC address or serial number, and the name could be the location the button will be placed

## Generating a SAS Token using Device Provisioning Service

# TeXXmo Button
## Configuring your button

## Connecting to Azure

Commit message:

Continued documentation, added overview and new images

README.md, after:

# teXXmoButon_IoTCentral

This document contains all the instructions for connecting your teXXmo IoT Button to Azure IoT Central

## Pre-requisites
- 1 x teXXmo Button
- A Microsoft Account or Azure Subscription
- A computer or tablet with a web browser
- A wifi connection requiring only an SSID and Password to connect

# Acknowledgements
+ [IoT Central Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/iot-central/)

# Overview
Something as simple as a button can have a powerful actions when connected to Azure. In the example, you'll be connecting a physcial teXXmo button to Microsoft's new software-as-a-service application, IoT Central. The button will trigger an alert if pressed 3 times within a short time frame. You'll learn how to deploy your own IoT Central application, create device templates, and use the Device Provisioning Service to connect the teXXmo button to the cloud.

## Setting Up IoT Central
1. Head on over to the the [IoT Central Homepage](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-au/services/iot-central/) to learn more or select [Getting Started](https://apps.azureiotcentral.com/) to begin creating your application.
2. You'll be prompted to login in using your Microsoft account. Enter your credentials or create a new account using the links provided. 
3. Follow the prompts until you arrive at the Application Manager page. Select the "New Application" tile to get started.
4. Now you'll configure the propeorties of your new IoT Central application
  a. Select the *trial* payment plan (or the pay-as-you-go option if you want to keep the applciation lonfer than 7 days)
  b. Select *Custom Application* as the template
  c. Enter a suitable and unique *Application Name*
  d. Press *Create* when done
5. That's it! You should now the see the main dashboard of your new IoT Central Application.

## Creating a Device Template
1. Select *Create Device Templates* from the tile on the main dashboard or select *Application Builder > Create Device Template > Custom*
2. Enter a unique name for you Device Template and select *Create* when complete
3. This will generate a Simulated Device which you can use to create graphs, build dashboards, and get your application together before needing to connect a physcial device. Since we're using a physical device, we'll delete the simulated device. Select *Delete* to remove

## Creating and configuring a new physical Device
1. Go to the *Device Explorer* by selecting the icon on in the right-side menu
2. Select the Button template you created, the click *+ > Real* to create a new real device
3. Enter the following details to create the device:
  a. A unique identifier. This will be used for the Device Provisioning Service. A MAC Address or Serial Number are suitable IDs
  b. A name for your button. This could be the same as the Device ID, or something completely different like location the button will be placed
  c. Select *Create* when completed
4. You should now be on the device configuration page for the button you just created. If not, select *Device Explorer* in the right-side menu and navigate to your new device.
5. For this 

## Generating a SAS Token using Device Provisioning Service

# TeXXmo Button
## Configuring your button

## Connecting to Azure
